Breeder - Perfect Match Poodles | Puppy Connection
Perfect Match Poodles
Gabriel and Joyce
What can be more charming than a beautiful, well-bred Poodle? We love their intelligence, their affectionate dispositions, and happy attitudes. We have been specializing in Poodles since 2018 and we are committed to ensure the health and happiness of every dog and puppy. We are here to serve new puppy families for the life of the puppy. Our dogs are very much a part of our family and they love playing in the yard and playsets that we made specially for them!  Our puppies' dewclaws are removed and tails docked and they are taken to the vet for a full physical exam when they are 6-7 weeks of age. From the time our puppies are born, they receive lots of great socialization in the form of toys, playtimes with other puppies, stimulation and handling on a daily basis, and experiencing lot of different floor textures.
We are USDA and BOAH licensed and Canine Care Certified
We reserve Sundays for church and family, so we are not available for phone calls or visits on that day.
We are required to charge sales tax for any family that comes to personally pick up their puppy.
Testimonials
"We would like to thank Gabriel with Perfect Match Poodles for the most amazing Miniature Poodle puppy! Our puppy is such a good tempered and happy pup. He is doing amazing with our children. After so much searching, we were blessed to find Gabriel and Perfect Match Poodles. He was a pleasure to work with. They have a beautiful and clean kennel and play yard for their dogs. I can tell that they truly care about the pups and that they are well taken care of. I would highly recommend this breeder!"
"My husband and I adopted Lady a couple months ago and we could not be more overjoyed to have her in our lives! She has the best temperament, loves cuddles, and is super smart! She caught on to training very quickly. Within only a few days she was "bell-trained" to go outside and even learned "sit pretty." We are also impressed with how great she does on our daily car rides! Gabriel and his wife are great to work with, very responsive, and they have an obvious love for all their dogs! Their facility is amazing and very clean. We are so grateful to have found our Lady!"
based in northern Indiana
We Accept
© 2024 by Puppy Connection.  |  Sitemap      |       Privacy Policy