Puppies For Sale - Reviews | puppy connection
WHAT PEOPLE SAY
Kathy
Goshen, Indiana
"Thank you so much for your efforts to get me a new pet. You couldn’t have made a better choice. Foxy (Pomeranian raised by Marion Bontrager) is the perfect fit for me at this time of my life. He is calm, quiet, walks very well on his leash and seems to like me a lot. He follows me everywhere. Just wanted you to know how thankful I am and how perfectly he fits into my life.
Allison
Hello! I wanted to share my appreciation for my experience in using Puppy-Connection.com. We have been wanting to adopt another sweet fur baby for a few months and finally decided to make it happen!The photography of the fur babies is top notch! We adopted our little 2 lb Cavapoo yesterday and she looks exactly like the photos show on this site. The experience of working with the breeder was also seamless. Thank you for providing high quality services for listing puppies needing a furever home! 5/5 stars!
I had a fantastic experience with Puppy Connection. The website was convenient and gave me a number of puppies to choose from so I found just what I was looking for. I’d heard horror stories about scams but Nero (now Grimm) was just as pictured. My breeder Rosemary Yoder was equally great to work with. He is loving, self-assured, nearly house trained after only two weeks with no crating, and the best mannered student in puppy class. He's been the greatest little guy. It's a dream!
Leave a review
Upload File
Upload supported file (Max 15MB)
Poor Fair Good Very good Excellent
Submit
Thanks for submitting!
January 2024
"Thank you so much for your efforts to get me a new pet. You couldn’t have made a better choice. Foxy (Pomeranian raised by Marion Bontrager) is the perfect fit for me at this time of my life. He is calm, quiet, walks very well on his leash and seems to like me a lot. He follows me everywhere. Before 24 hours living here he was sitting on my lap, eating and drinking and tolerating the crate, which he had to sleep in the first night. Last night I let him lay on the bed, meaning to put him in the crate before I fell asleep, but I fell asleep first. When I woke up at midnight he still lay quietly by my feet, so I rolled over and went back to sleep. I get up at 4-4:30am and dress to make coffee for our coffee hour. I took him into the bathroom with me and he used the potty pad perfectly. He loves to walk outdoors and I’m managing three walks a day so far. He is playing with Rosie’s toys and the vet said Rosie’s dry food was good for him. There will never be another Rosie, so maybe it’s just as well he’s not a Chihuahua. Just wanted you to know how thankful I am and how perfectly he fits into my life." -Kathy, Goshen, Indiana
based in northern Indiana
We Accept
© 2024 by Puppy Connection.  |  Sitemap      |       Privacy Policy